Update Bep 174 (#192)
bnb-chain/BEPs: BEP174.md

- A Relayer Manager role will be introduced with corresponding public keys.   
- The set of Managers will be updated via governance using the existing [param change proposal](https://github.com/bnb-chain/bnb-chain.github.io/blob/master/docs/learn/bsc-gov-workflow.md#submit-cross-chain-param-change-proposal) mechanism.

> - Managers will NOT have to deposit any BNB (as opposed to 100BNB requirement which was before). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Managers will NOT have to deposit any BNB (as opposed to the previous 100BNB deposit requirement). 
```

- Once selected by governance, Managers will be able to add an associated Relayer public key.
- There will be a 1:1 relationship between Manager public key to active Relayer public key.
- Only associated Relayers can send cross chain messages. 
- Managers can modify public key of their Relayer at any time. This will facilitate rotation of Relayer instances.
- The old `unregister` function will still be active to allow the existing whitelisted relayers to safely exit.

### 5.3 `RelayerHub` Smart Contract Changes
#### Relayer Manager functions

```
function updateParam(string calldata key, bytes calldata value) external override onlyInit onlyGov
```

> The pre-existing function will be updated to support `addManager` and `removeManager` keys to facilitate adding and 
> removing of managers via governance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pre-existing function will be updated to support `addManager` and `removeManager` keys to facilitate adding and removing of managers via governance.
```

```
function removeManagerByHimself() external
```
Allows a manager to remove himself if required.

```
fuction addManagerByGov(address) external onlyGov
```
Adds a Manager public key to the current set of Managers. This is only called via governance. Emits an event on success.

```
function updateRelayer(address relayerToBeAdded) public onlyManager
```

> This can be used by the manager to add or remove its relayer. Overwrites Relayer if there is an existing Relayer already
> added. Emits an event on success. The `relayerToBeAdded` parameter can be set to `0` address to enable removal of a 
> relayer (e.g. if the private key gets compromised).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be used by the manager to add or remove its relayer. Overwrites Relayer if there is an existing Relayer already added. Emits an event on success. The `relayerToBeAdded` parameter can be set to `0` address to enable removal of a relayer (e.g. if the private key gets compromised).
```

```
function whitelistInit() external 
```

> This is to ensure smooth transition so that the presently existing hardcoded whitelisted relayers continue to be 
> relayers after the hardfork. This function needs to be **manually** called once after the hardfork.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is to ensure smooth transition so that the presently existing hardcoded whitelisted relayers continue to be relayers after the hardfork. This function needs to be **manually** called once after the hardfork.
```
